now that we had easy access to the open
bush hunting lessons were a major part
of everyday some of the targets though
were singularly inappropriate lizards
were never going to feature on their
menu warthogs on the other hand have
potential adult eaters do sometimes kill
young warthogs but the full-grown pigs
are formidable with razor-sharp tusks
and the muscle to back them up and that
made me very nervous every time the Cubs
went charging off after a warthog family
I was worried sick that one of them
would get into trouble
on this occasion pulled out of the
chase but we lost track of toki by the
time i was able to reach him the damage
was already done
he'd been cornered by the furious mother
warthog and badly gored i had no way of
knowing the full extent of the injuries
only that talking was in a great deal of
pain and absolutely terrified he'd been
really unlucky in many ways but luck was
smiling on him in others
visitors come to labor all the time on
safari and on this day Bengt ryokan a
Swedish vet was here on holiday but
Bengt is no ordinary vet he works with
exotic animals in zoos he knew exactly
what to do to tranquilize Toki so that
he could be moved safely and given a
thorough check over that's it he's
definitely going out having Toki
slipping out of consciousness in my
hands was really hard to swallow but I
knew that this was for his own good
Bengt had a huge amount of experience of
dealing with injured animals but an
injury like this could have
complications
this is a superficial but this is of
course a lot of problem and then they
spunk sure here somewhere on the dorsal
side of the base of the tail and then
the bite at the base of the tail has
actually broken through the muscle at
the base of Chuckies tail so that's
going to be quite a painful injury a
cheetah uses its tail the whole time as
a counterbalance when it's running at
high speed
if taki lost the use of his it would
make his life very difficult
brilliant so Wow patched up
[Music]